# 11-09-2024 Meeting
## Agenda
* Split up implementation
* Initial Testing Critera
* High-level specification

## Notes
* Need to POC if MPK is faster than other s2s communication alternatives.
* Write base microservices (Rust)
  * WC program. One service will receive requests from user to count top N most frequent words in a file. Write passage to shared memory and contact service 2 to count
  * Second service will count words. Use https://serde.rs/ to serialze resulting dict and return to service 1 who sends back to user
* Benchmark based on sizes of communications and speed.

* Implement s2s communication with
 * Unix Domain Sockets - Benson
 * two shared buffers (s1->s2 and s2->s1) - Benson
 * OS Pipe - Salma
 * MPk - Salma (length of implementation/style is questionable)

* Later:
 * Write shellscript/python/rust script for testing.

## High-Level Overview
A few different ways we can approach the final implementation. Idea is that we want microservices to remain unmodified/minimally modified while communicating on the same machine. A few different ways to approach this.
* writing a kernel module using MPK to provide a pseduofile which can be shared between two containers via a shared mount similar to the Unix Domain Socket paper.
* we modify Docker somehow to use our MPK interface interface instead when generating a virtual network between containers
* assuming that microservices use some form of communication like gRPC + protocol buffers to serialize and deserialize code, we can modify the protocol buffer compiler to add some code which deals with storing the data into memory with MPK, grabbing the MPK keys, etc.
* as a POC, we write a minature compiler to serialize and deserialize data between microservices that does the approach of the previous idea (saying binary analysis left to future work or some clever way of sandboxing)